(A lot of Orbit came to the hall to meet LOOΠΔ!)
HyunJin: So nervous!
JinSoul: Yes, I heard that just 20 minutes left~
HyunJin: Unbelievable
JinSoul: How do you feel now?
HyunJin: I'm so nervous right now~
HyunJin: And also I think it will be fun!
JinSoul: Can you do it well?
HyunJin: Yes, of course~
Go Won: Only 20 minutes left before the concert!
Go Won: It makes me very nervous~
Go Won: Everyone, you're excited, right?
(She answers her own question)
Go Won: Yes~
Go Won: Let me bring sleeping HeeJin here~
HeeJin: When I'm on a stage,
HeeJin: I always do like a professional!
Go Won: Pretty cool~ But it looks like you're still sleeping...
(Choerry can't hide her excitement about the debut concert!)
Olivia Hye: Hey~ we're the youngest~
(Finally all 12 girls are ready to perform on a stage!)
(HeeJin dancing 'Heart Attack'!)
Kim Lip: I can't believe it~
Chuu: Right~
Kim Lip: Everyday we eat lunch at a school together...
Kim Lip: And hang out together everyday!
'Don't get nervous~'